There are not more than 20 panes of glass visible on the side of the bus.
There are not more than 22 panes of glass visible on the side of the bus.
There are not more than 6 pinheads.
There are not more than 8 pinheads.
There are not more than 10 pinheads.
There are not more than 12 pinheads.
There are not more than 0 batteries.
There are not more than 4 batteries.
There are not more than 6 batteries.
There is not more than 1 set of buttons.
There are not more than 18 bolts on the signs in the picture.
There are not more than 12 bolts on the signs in the picture.
There is not more than 1 bolt on the sign in the picture.
There are not more than 4 bolts on the signs in the picture.
There are not more than 3 bulbs.
There are not more than 4 bulbs.
There are not more than 5 bulbs.
There are not more than 2 bulbs.
There is not more than 1 head that can be seen.
There are not more than 5 heads that can be seen.
There are not more than 4 heads that can be seen.
There are not more than 9 heads that can be seen.
There are not more than 6 hooves.
There are not more than 8 hooves.
There are not more than 4 hooves.
There are not more than 16 hooves.
There are not more than 11 keys on the keyboard.
There are not more than 2 doors shown.
There are not more than 3 doors shown.
There are not more than 4 doors shown.
There is not more than 1 door shown.
There are not more than 2 bulbs above the bike.
There are not more than 3 bulbs above the bike.
There are not more than 4 bulbs above the bike.
There is not more than 1 bulb above the bike.
There is not more than 1 face in the photograph.
There are not more than 6 faces in the photograph.
There are not more than 3 faces in the photograph.
There are not more than 2 faces in the photograph.
There is not more than 1 face in the photograph.
There are not more than 2 faces in the photograph.
There are not more than 5 faces in the photograph.
There are not more than 4 faces in the photograph.
There is not more than 1 jersey on the green team.
There are not more than 2 jerseys on the green team.
There are not more than 5 jerseys on the green team.
There are not more than 3 jerseys on the green team.
There are not more than 12 tires.
There are not more than 16 tires.
There are not more than 20 tires.
There are not more than 8 wheels.
There are not more than 9 branches.
There are not more than 12 branches.
There are not more than 15 branches.
There are not more than 6 branches.
There is not more than 1 trunk in the picture.
There are not more than 12 tusks in the picture.
There are not more than 16 tusks in the picture.
There are not more than 8 tusks in the picture.
There are not more than 4 rails.
There are not more than 6 rails.
There are not more than 8 rails.
There is not more than 1 rail.
There is not more than 1 stem that has leaves.
There are not more than 4 stems that have leaves.
There are not more than 6 stems that have leaves.
There are not more than 0 stems that have leaves.
There are not more than 8 wheels that have a yellow front.
There are not more than 12 wheels that have a yellow front.
There are not more than 16 wheels that have a yellow front.
There is not more than 1 engine that has a yellow front.
There are not more than 10 spokes in this picture.
There are not more than 8 spokes in this picture.
There are not more than 6 spokes in this picture.
There are not more than 12 spokes in this picture.
There are not more than 12 legs.
There are not more than 16 legs.
There are not more than 20 legs.
There are not more than 8 legs.
There is not more than 1 crust shown.
There are not more than 10 crusts shown.
There are not more than 12 crusts shown.
There are not more than 4 crusts shown.
There are not more than 2 crusts missing from the pizza.
There are not more than 3 crusts missing from the pizza.
There are not more than 4 crusts missing from the pizza.
There is not more than 1 crust missing from the pizza.
There are not more than 6 handles in this picture.
There are not more than 8 handles in this picture.
There are not more than 10 handles in this picture.
There are not more than 4 handles in this picture.
There are not more than 24 wings.
There are not more than 26 wings.
There are not more than 10 wings.
There are not more than 6 wings.
There are not more than 36 hooves.
There are not more than 32 hooves.
There are not more than 28 hooves.
There are not more than 40 hooves.
There are not more than 3 cans of paint on the bus.
There are not more than 2 shades on the bus.
There is not more than 1 shade on the bus.
There are not more than 4 shades on the bus.
There are not more than 10 shards of glass.
There are not more than 13 shards of glass.
There are not more than 5 shards of glass.
There are not more than 12 shards of glass.
There is not more than 1 peel on the banana.
There are not more than 6 peels on the bananas.
There are not more than 9 peels on the bananas.
There are not more than 2 peels on the bananas.
There are not more than 12 beaks of the geese.
There are not more than 13 beaks of the geese.
There are not more than 5 beaks of the geese.
There are not more than 18 beaks of the geese.
There is not more than 1 piece of ceramic on the table.
There are not more than 3 pieces of ceramic on the table.
There are not more than 0 pieces of ceramic on the table.
There are not more than 2 pieces of ceramic on the table.
There are not more than 2 sets of clothes on the court.
There are not more than 3 sets of clothes on the court.
There are not more than 4 sets of clothes on the court.
There is not more than 1 set of clothes on the court.
There are not more than 11 sheets of paper.
There are not more than 10 sheets of paper.
There are not more than 9 sheets of paper.
There are not more than 12 sheets of paper.
There are not more than 5 pairs of sneakers on the track.
There are not more than 3 pairs of sneakers on the track.
There are not more than 0 pairs of sneakers on the track.
There are not more than 2 seat cushions in the corner.
There are not more than 4 seat cushions in the corner.
There are not more than 5 seat cushions in the corner.
There are not more than 3 seat cushions in the corner.
There are not more than 4 sets of tires that can be seen in the picture.
There are not more than 7 sets of tires that can be seen in the picture.
There are not more than 9 sets of tires that can be seen in the picture.
There are not more than 3 sets of tires that can be seen in the picture.
There are not more than 8 tennis racquets on the tennis court.
There are not more than 6 tennis racquets on the tennis court.
There are not more than 9 tennis racquets on the tennis court.
There are not more than 4 tennis racquets on the tennis court.
There are not more than 8 engine compartments visible.
There are not more than 7 engine compartments visible.
There are not more than 6 engine compartments visible.
There is not more than 1 engine compartment visible.
There is not more than 1 set of clothes.
There are not more than 2 sets of clothes.
There are not more than 3 sets of clothes.
There are not more than 0 sets of clothes.
There are not more than 20 legs.
There are not more than 16 legs.
There are not more than 12 legs.
There are not more than 24 legs.
There are not more than 12 caps in the bowl.
There are not more than 13 caps in the bowl.
There are not more than 5 caps in the bowl.
There are not more than 8 caps in the bowl.
There are not more than 12 rims on the table.
There are not more than 13 rims on the table.
There are not more than 5 rims on the table.
There are not more than 3 rims on the table.
There are not more than 2 tails in this photo.
There are not more than 3 tails in this photo.
There are not more than 4 tails in this photo.
There is not more than 1 tail in the photo.
There is not more than 1 trunk in the photo.
There are not more than 3 trunks in the photo.
There are not more than 4 trunks in the photo.
There are not more than 2 trunks in the photo.
There are not more than 5 seeds pictured.
There are not more than 2 seeds pictured.
There are not more than 6 seeds pictured.
There are not more than 4 seeds pictured.
There are not more than 2 heads shown.
There are not more than 3 heads shown.
There are not more than 4 heads shown.
There are no heads shown.
There are not more than 4 slices in the photo.
There are not more than 8 slices in the photo.
There are not more than 12 slices in the photo.
There are not more than 4 slices in the photo.
There is not more than 1 tip.
There are not more than 3 tips.
There are not more than 5 tips.
There are not more than 2 tips.
There is not more than 1 trunk.
There are not more than 3 trunks.
There are not more than 5 trunks.
There are not more than 2 trunks.
There are not more than 2 pedestals in the picture.
There are not more than 3 pedestals in the picture.
There are not more than 4 pedestals in the picture.
There is not more than 1 pedestal in the picture.
There are not more than 12 tails that can be seen.
There are not more than 4 tails that can be seen.
There are not more than 5 tails that can be seen.
There are not more than 3 tails that can be seen.
There are not more than 6 posts in the image.
There are not more than 5 posts in the image.
There are not more than 16 letters on the signs in the image.
There are not more than 28 letters on the signs in the image.
There are not more than 16 legs of the giraffes in the picture.
There are not more than 12 legs of the giraffes in the picture.
There are not more than 24 legs of the giraffes in the picture.
There are not more than 8 legs of the giraffes in the picture.
There are not more than 4 hands of the people.
There are not more than 6 hands of the people.
There are not more than 8 hands of the people.
There are not more than 2 hands of the person.
There is not more than 1 tail of the animal shown.
There are not more than 6 legs of the animals shown.
There are not more than 16 legs of the animals shown.
There are not more than 8 legs of the animals shown.
There are not more than 4 petals on the flowers painted.
There are not more than 5 petals on the flower painted.
There are not more than 20 petals on the flowers painted.
There are not more than 15 petals on the flowers painted.
There are not more than 12 letters on the signs pictured.
There are not more than 0 letters on the signs pictured.
There are not more than 5 letters on the sign pictured.
There are not more than 20 letters on the signs pictured.
There are not more than 16 claws of the bears.
There are not more than 24 claws of the bears.
There are not more than 28 claws of the bears.
There are not more than 12 claws of the bears.
There are not more than 12 seeds in the apples present.
There are not more than 16 seeds in the apples present.
There are not more than 20 seeds in the apples present.
There are not more than 8 seeds in the apples present.
There are not more than 16 wheels on the LEGO trains shown.
There are not more than 12 wheels on the LEGO trains shown.
There are not more than 8 wheels on the LEGO trains shown.
There are not more than 4 wheels on the LEGO train shown.
There are not more than 16 talons on the bird's claws.
There are not more than 12 talons on the bird's claws.
There are not more than 8 talons on the bird's claws.
There are not more than 24 talons on the bird's claws.
There are not more than 16 ribbons on the kite's tails.
There are not more than 12 ribbons on the kite's tails.
There are not more than 24 ribbons on the kite's tails.
There are not more than 8 ribbons on the kite's tails.
There are not more than 16 solar panels on the satellites.
There are not more than 20 solar panels on the satellites.
There are not more than 4 solar panels on the satellite.
There are not more than 8 solar panels on the satellites.
There are not more than 32 panes in the windows that can be seen.
There are not more than 12 panes in the windows that can be seen.
There are not more than 8 panes in the windows that can be seen.
There are not more than 28 panes in the windows that can be seen.
There are not more than 9 primary feathers of the bird extended in total.
There are not more than 3 primary feathers of the bird extended in total.
There are not more than 6 primary feathers of the bird extended in total.
There are not more than 12 primary feathers of the bird extended in total.
There are not more than 4 wheels in the picture.
There are not more than 8 wheels in the picture.
There are not more than 6 wheels in the picture.
There are not more than 2 wheels in the picture.
There are not more than 4 peels on the bananas.
There are not more than 5 peels on the bananas.
There are not more than 7 peels on the bananas.
There are not more than 2 peels on the bananas.
There are not more than 1 cushion on the seat shown.
There are not more than 2 cushions on the seats shown.
There are not more than 3 cushions on the seats shown.
There are not more than 5 cushions on the seats shown.
There are not more than 4 handlebars on the motorcycles.
There are not more than 6 handlebars on the motorcycles.
There are not more than 8 handlebars on the motorcycles.
There is not more than 1 handlebar on the motorcycle.
There are not more than 12 incisors on the mask.
There are not more than 16 incisors on the mask.
There are not more than 18 incisors on the mask.
There are not more than 14 incisors on the mask.
There are not more than 10 legs in the picture.
There are not more than 12 legs in the picture.
There are not more than 4 legs in the picture.
There are not more than 8 legs in the picture.
There are no wheels on the buses.
There are not more than 8 wheels on the buses.
There are not more than 12 wheels on the buses.
There are not more than 4 wheels on the bus.
There are not more than 40 ribs on the tan umbrellas opened up.
There are not more than 32 ribs on the tan umbrellas opened up.
There are not more than 36 ribs on the tan umbrellas opened up.
There are not more than 28 ribs on the tan umbrellas opened up.
There are not more than 8 legs on the people.
There are not more than 4 legs on the people.
There are no legs on the people.
There are not more than 2 legs on the person.
There are not more than 4 edges on the shelves on the cart.
There are not more than 8 edges on the shelves on the cart.
There are not more than 10 edges on the shelves on the cart.
There are not more than 6 edges on the shelves on the cart.
There are not more than 5 adhesive layers on the stickers on the luggage.
There are not more than 2 adhesive layers on the stickers on the luggage.
There are not more than 3 adhesive layers on the stickers on the luggage.
There are not more than 6 adhesive layers on the stickers on the luggage.
There are not more than 12 legs on the people.
There are not more than 6 legs on the people.
There are not more than 10 legs.
There are not more than 8 legs.
There are not more than 18 legs.
There are not more than 10 legs.
There are not more than 8 legs.
There are no body parts.
There are not more than 4 wheels shown.
There are not more than 6 wheels shown.
There are not more than 8 wheels shown.
There are not more than 2 wheels shown.
There are not more than 24 bulbs in the photo.
There are not more than 12 bulbs in the photo.
There are not more than 9 bulbs in the photo.
There is not more than 1 bulb in the photo.
There are not more than 18 roots in the background.
There are not more than 10 roots in the background.
There are not more than 14 roots in the background.
There are not more than 20 roots in the background.
There are not more than 4 brims being worn.
There are not more than 3 brims being worn.
There are not more than 2 brims being worn.
There are not more than 5 brims being worn.
There are not more than 8 legs in the picture.
There are not more than 10 legs in the picture.
There are not more than 16 legs in the picture.
There are not more than 6 legs in the picture.
There are not more than 4 fins that you see.
There are not more than 10 fins that you see.
There are not more than 6 fins that you see.
There is not more than 1 fin that you see.
There are not more than 4 paws catching fish.
There are not more than 6 paws catching fish.
There are not more than 8 paws catching fish.
There is not more than 1 paw catching fish.
There are not more than 6 frames on the wall.
There are not more than 7 frames on the wall.
There are not more than 8 frames on the wall.
There are not more than 5 frames on the wall.
There are not more than 2 wheels in the picture.
There are not more than 6 wheels in the picture.
There are not more than 8 wheels in the picture.
There are not more than 4 wheels in the picture.
There are not more than 10 legs in the photo.
There are not more than 16 legs in the photo.
There are not more than 18 legs in the photo.
There are not more than 8 legs in the photo.
There are not more than 8 legs in the foreground of the photo.
There are not more than 10 legs in the foreground of the photo.
There are not more than 2 legs in the foreground of the photo.
There are not more than 6 legs in the foreground of the photo.
There are not more than 4 light bulbs that are green.
There are not more than 6 light bulbs that are green.
There are not more than 8 light bulbs that are green.
There are not more than 2 light bulbs that are green.
There are not more than 10 arms shown.
There are not more than 12 arms shown.
There are not more than 18 arms shown.
There are not more than 6 arms shown.
There is not more than 1 panel on the sign.
There are not more than 4 panels on the signs.
There are not more than 5 panels on the signs.
There are not more than 2 panels on the signs.
There are not more than 2 shelves in the shower.
There is not more than 1 shelf in the shower.
There are not more than 4 shelves in the shower.
There are not more than 3 shelves in the shower.
There is not more than 1 tail in the photo.
There are not more than 2 tails in the photo.
There are not more than 3 tails in the photo.
There are no tails in the photo.
There is not more than 1 head shown.
There are not more than 2 heads shown.
There are not more than 3 heads shown.
There are no heads shown.
There are not more than 12 handles on the table.
There are not more than 10 handles on the table.
There are not more than 4 handles on the table.
There is not more than 1 handle on the table.
There are not more than 18 wheels on the emergency vehicles.
There are not more than 16 wheels on the emergency vehicles.
There are not more than 14 wheels on the emergency vehicles.
There are not more than 4 wheels on the emergency vehicles.
There are not more than 4 ski poles.
There are not more than 6 ski poles.
There are not more than 8 ski poles.
There is not more than 1 ski pole.
There are not more than 8 legs pictured.
There are not more than 10 legs pictured.
There are not more than 12 legs pictured.
There are not more than 4 legs pictured.
There are not more than 12 layers of cake shown.
There are not more than 14 layers of cake shown.
There are not more than 16 layers of cake shown.
There are not more than 8 layers of cake shown.
There are not more than 4 wheels shown on the buses.
There are not more than 56 wheels shown on the buses.
There are not more than 44 wheels shown on the buses.
There are not more than 2 wheels shown on the bus.
There are not more than 12 flush handles on the urinals.
There are not more than 10 flush handles on the urinals.
There are not more than 8 flush valves.
There are not more than 13 flush valves.
There are not more than 6 wheels featured.
There are not more than 8 wheels featured.
There are not more than 10 wheels featured.
There are not more than 4 wheels featured.
There are not more than 4 caps on the windowsill.
There are not more than 5 caps on the windowsill.
There are not more than 6 caps on the windowsill.
There are not more than 3 caps on the windowsill.
There is not more than 1 handle.
There are not more than 3 handles.
There are not more than 5 handles.
There are not more than 2 handles.
There are not more than 3 bristles.
There are not more than 4 bristles.
There are not more than 5 bristles.
There are not more than 2 bristles.
There is not more than 1 tail shown.
There are not more than 2 tails shown.
There are not more than 3 tails shown.
There are not more than 0 tails shown.
There are not more than 8 clips.
There are not more than 9 clips.
There are not more than 7 clips.
There are not more than 5 clips.
There are not more than 2 posts.
There are not more than 3 posts.
There are not more than 4 posts.
There is not more than 1 post.
There are not more than 4 frames shown.
There are not more than 5 frames shown.
There are not more than 6 frames shown.
There are not more than 3 frames shown.
There are not more than 3 edges shown.
There are not more than 4 edges shown.
There are not more than 5 edges shown.
There are not more than 2 edges shown.
There is not more than 1 hand.
There are not more than 6 hands.
There are not more than 4 hands.
There are not more than 0 hands.
There are not more than 6 hands handling the horses.
There are not more than 4 hands handling the horses.
There are not more than 0 hands handling the horses.
There is not more than 1 hand handling the horses.
There are not more than 2 shirts.
There are not more than 3 shirts.
There are not more than 4 shirts.
There is not more than 1 shirt.
There are not more than 4 wings in the picture.
There are not more than 6 wings in the picture.
There are not more than 12 wings in the picture.
There are not more than 2 wings in the picture.
There are not more than 8 shoes visible.
There are not more than 10 shoes visible.
There are not more than 14 shoes visible.
There are not more than 4 shoes visible.
There are not more than 16 skis.
There are not more than 14 skis.
There are not more than 12 skis.
There are not more than 2 skis.
There are not more than 6 bootlaces in the photo.
There are not more than 8 bootlaces in the photo.
There are not more than 10 bootlaces in the photo.
There are not more than 12 bootlaces in the photo.
There are not more than 4 tires that can be seen.
There are not more than 12 tires that can be seen.
There are not more than 16 tires that can be seen.
There are not more than 8 tires that can be seen.
There are not more than 6 hues pictured.
There are not more than 7 hues pictured.
There are not more than 8 hues pictured.
There are not more than 2 hues pictured.
There are not more than 2 heads shown.
There are not more than 3 heads shown.
There are not more than 4 heads shown.
There is not more than 1 head shown.
There are not more than 2 treads visible.
There are not more than 4 treads visible.
There is not more than 1 tread visible.
There are not more than 3 treads visible.
There is not more than 1 fin visible.
There are not more than 4 fins visible.
There are not more than 6 fins visible.
There are not more than 0 fins visible.
There are not more than 2 buckles on the man's wrist.
There are not more than 3 buckles on the man's wrist.
There are not more than 4 buckles on the man's wrist.
There is not more than 1 buckle on the man's wrist.
There are not more than 6 handles on the ground.
There are not more than 8 handles on the ground.
There are not more than 10 handles on the ground.
There are not more than 2 handles on the ground.
There are not more than 4 tires on the street.
There are not more than 8 tires on the street.
There are not more than 12 tires on the street.
There are not more than 0 tires on the street.
There are not more than 2 hands.
There are not more than 12 hands.
There are not more than 3 hearts.
There is not more than 1 heart.
There is not more than 1 frame.
There are not more than 2 frames.
There are not more than 5 frames.
There are not more than 4 frames.
There are not more than 2 freezer compartments.
There are not more than 5 freezer compartments.
There are not more than 8 freezer compartments.
There is not more than 1 freezer compartment.
There are not more than 7 backpacks.
There are not more than 8 backpacks.
There are not more than 9 backpacks.
There are not more than 4 backpacks.
There are not more than 3 surfboards.
There are not more than 5 surfboards.
There are not more than 7 surfboards.
There is not more than 1 surfboard.
There are not more than 4 blades.
There are not more than 5 blades.
There is not more than 1 blade.
There are not more than 2 blades.
There are not more than 4 handbags.
There are not more than 6 handbags.
There is not more than 1 handbag.
There are not more than 2 handbags.
There are not more than 9 horns.
There are not more than 8 horns.
There are not more than 7 horns.
There are not more than 3 horns.
There are not more than 9 stitches.
There are not more than 3 stitches.
There are not more than 5 stitches.
There are not more than 8 stitches.
There are not more than 6 wings.
There are not more than 7 wings.
There are not more than 8 wings.
There is not more than 1 wing.
There are not more than 6 tires.
There are not more than 5 tires.
There are not more than 4 tires.
There are not more than 3 tires.
There are not more than 2 tennis rackets.
There are not more than 3 tennis rackets.
There are not more than 4 tennis rackets.
There is not more than 1 tennis racket.
There are not more than 4 plants.
There are not more than 9 plants.
There are not more than 2 plants.
There are not more than 3 plants.
There is not more than 1 paw on the bear.
There are not more than 16 paws on the bears.
There are not more than 36 paws on the bears.
There are not more than 8 paws on the bears.
There are not more than 12 wheels on the trains in this picture.
There are not more than 16 wheels on the trains in this picture.
There are not more than 20 wheels on the trains in this picture.
There are not more than 4 wheels on the train in this picture.
There are not more than 8 hooves in the photo of horses.
There are not more than 20 hooves in the photo of horses.
There are not more than 24 hooves in the photo of horses.
There is not more than 1 hoof in the photo of the horse.
There are not more than 6 wheels on the motorcycles.
There are not more than 8 wheels on the motorcycles.
There are not more than 10 wheels on the motorcycles.
There is not more than 1 wheel on the motorcycle.
There are not more than 4 legs in the shot of people.
There are not more than 6 legs in the shot of people.
There are not more than 8 legs in the shot of people.
There are not more than 0 legs in the shot.
There are not more than 40 edges on the squares on the window.
There are not more than 44 edges on the squares on the window.
There are not more than 48 edges on the squares on the window.
There are not more than 36 edges on the squares on the window.
There are not more than 16 legs among the men.
There are not more than 18 legs among the men.
There are not more than 4 legs among the men.
There are not more than 14 legs among the men.
There are not more than 2 points on the cones.
There are not more than 3 points on the cones.
There are not more than 4 points on the cones.
There is not more than 1 point on the cone.
There are not more than 8 tires on the cars pictured.
There are not more than 12 tires on the cars pictured.
There are not more than 16 tires on the cars pictured.
There are not more than 4 tires on the car pictured.
There are not more than 12 threads seen on the big bolts on the hydrant.
There are not more than 10 threads seen on the big bolts on the hydrant.
There are not more than 14 threads seen on the big bolts on the hydrant.
There are not more than 6 threads seen on the big bolts on the hydrant.
There are not more than 6 corners on the signs.
There are not more than 8 corners on the signs.
There are not more than 16 corners on the signs.
There are not more than 4 corners on the signs.
There are not more than 14 handles on the pans.
There are not more than 18 handles on the pans.
There are not more than 12 handles on the pans.
There is not more than 1 handle on the pan.
There is not more than 1 frame on the picture hanging above the TV.
There are not more than 0 frames on the pictures hanging above the TV.
There are not more than 16 corners in the pictures hanging above the TV.
There are not more than 12 corners in the pictures hanging above the TV.
There are not more than 16 shoelaces in this picture.
There are not more than 24 shoelaces in this picture.
There are not more than 32 shoelaces in this picture.
There are not more than 4 shoelaces in this picture.
There is not more than 1 tail on the horse.
There are not more than 6 hooves on the horses.
There are not more than 10 tails on the horses.
There are not more than 4 hooves on the horses.
There are not more than 4 shoes on the people wearing a yellow dress.
There are not more than 6 shoes on the people wearing a yellow dress.
There are not more than 12 shoes on the people wearing a yellow dress.
There is not more than 1 yellow dress on the person.
There are no engines since there are no planes.
There are not more than 4 engines on the planes.
There are not more than 6 wings on the planes.
There is not more than 1 wing on the plane.
There are not more than 4 light bulbs in the lamps on.
There are not more than 6 light bulbs in the lamps on.
There are not more than 8 lampshades in the lamps on.
There is not more than 1 lampshade on the lamp.
There are not more than 20 corners in the images.
There are not more than 24 corners in the images.
There are not more than 32 corners in the images.
There are not more than 8 corners in the images.
There are not more than 4 eyes in the people pictured.
There are not more than 6 eyes in the people pictured.
There are not more than 8 eyes in the people pictured.
There are not more than 2 eyes in the person pictured.
There are not more than 4 eyes in the people in the photo.
There are not more than 6 eyes in the people in the photo.
There are not more than 12 eyes in the people in the photo.
There are not more than 2 eyes in the person in the photo.
There is not more than 1 thumb on the hand.
There are not more than 30 fingers on the hands.
There are not more than 40 fingers on the hands.
There are not more than 10 fingers on the hands.
There are not more than 10 strokes in the Roman numerals.
There are not more than 22 strokes in the Roman numerals.
There are not more than 26 strokes in the Roman numerals.
There are not more than 24 strokes in the Roman numerals.
There are not more than 32 hooves on the zebras.
There are not more than 28 hooves on the zebras.
There are not more than 8 hooves on the zebras.
There are not more than 12 hooves on the zebras.
There are not more than 8 letters on the license plates visible in the picture.
There are no numbers since there are no license plates visible in the picture.
There are not more than 18 letters on the license plates visible in the picture.
There are not more than 6 letters on the license plate visible in the picture.
There are not more than zero white wheels.
There are not more than 8 white wheels.
There are not more than 12 white wheels.
There is not more than 1 white engine.
There are not more than 8 wheels in the picture.
There are not more than 16 wheels in the picture.
There are not more than 20 wheels in the picture.
There are not more than 12 wheels in the picture.
There are not more than 6 hands.
There are not more than 8 hands.
There are not more than 10 hands.
There are not more than 4 hands.
There are not more than 8 apple seeds.
There are not more than 12 orange slices.
There are not more than 14 grape seeds.
There are not more than 4 banana peels.
There are not more than 16 pizza slices.
There are not more than 24 pizza slices.
There are not more than 40 pizza slices.
There is not more than 1 pizza crust.
There is not more than 1 animal tail.
There are not more than 4 animal paws.
There are not more than 6 animal ears.
There are not more than zero animal eyes.
There are not more than 28 pieces of fruit hanging.
There are not more than 24 pieces of fruit hanging.
There are not more than 36 pieces of fruit hanging.
There are not more than 32 pieces of fruit hanging.
There is not more than 1 train engine shown.
There are not more than 12 train wheels shown.
There are not more than 16 train wheels shown.
There are not more than 8 train wheels shown.
There are not more than 4 football boots on the field.
There are not more than 6 baseball gloves on the field.
There are not more than 8 hockey sticks on the field.
There are not more than 12 soccer shin guards on the field.
There is not more than 1 lampshade in the room.
There are not more than 4 lamp bases in the room.
There are not more than 12 lamp bulbs in the room.
There are not more than 6 lamp switches in the room.
There is not more than 1 red light bulb illuminated on the back of the train.
There are not more than 3 red light casings illuminated on the back of the train.
There are not more than 4 red light cords illuminated on the back of the train.
There are not more than 2 red light covers illuminated on the back of the train.
There is not more than 1 train rail in the picture.
There are not more than 6 train ties in the picture.
There are not more than 8 train spikes in the picture.
There are not more than 4 train rails in the picture.
There are not more than 6 tennis rackets in the photo.
There is not more than 1 basketball in the photo.
There are not more than 0 uniforms in the photo.
There are not more than 4 shoes in the photo.
There are not more than 12 legs.
There are not more than 8 legs.
There are not more than 16 legs.
There is not more than 1 tail.
There are not more than 4 hands pictured.
There are not more than 6 hands pictured.
There are not more than 8 hands pictured.
There is not more than 1 head pictured.
There are not more than 12 tires in the photo.
There are not more than 8 tires in the photo.
There is not more than 1 steering wheel in the photo.
There are not more than 16 tires in the photo.
There are not more than 4 poles on the bottom of the fridge.
There are not more than 6 poles on the bottom of the fridge.
There are not more than 8 poles on the bottom of the fridge.
There are not more than 10 poles on the bottom of the fridge.
There are not more than 8 paws.
There are not more than 12 paws.
There are not more than 16 paws.
There is not more than 1 collar.
There are not more than 8 wings.
There are not more than 16 wings.
There are not more than 20 wings.
There are not more than 12 wings.
There are not more than 8 wheels on the yellow trucks.
There are not more than 12 wheels on the yellow trucks.
There are not more than 16 wheels on the yellow trucks.
There is not more than 1 cab on the yellow truck.
There are not more than 4 eyes in this picture.
There are not more than 12 eyes in this picture.
There is not more than 1 mouth in this picture.
There are not more than 10 ears in the scene.
There are not more than 12 ears in the scene.
There are not more than 14 ears in the scene.
There is not more than 1 snout in the scene.
There are not more than 4 faucets.
There are not more than 6 faucets.
There are not more than 8 faucets.
There is not more than 1 drain.
There are not more than 4 pieces in the sliced items.
There are not more than 6 pieces in the sliced items.
There are not more than 8 pieces in the sliced items.
There is not more than 1 slice in the sliced item.
There is not more than 1 freezer in the photo.
There are not more than 4 shelves in the photo.
There are not more than 10 doors in the photo.
There are not more than 16 drawers in the photo.
There are not more than 8 headlights to see.
There are not more than 12 tires to see.
There are not more than 24 tires to see.
There is not more than 1 tire to see.
There are not more than 2 painted areas on the side of the plane.
There are not more than 3 painted areas on the side of the plane.
There are not more than 4 painted areas on the side of the plane.
There is not more than 1 painted area on the side of the plane.
There are not more than 20 fins in the photo.
There are not more than 24 fins in the photo.
There are not more than 32 fins in the photo.
There are not more than 8 fins in the photo.
There are not more than 10 eyes in the picture.
There are not more than 12 eyes in the picture.
There are not more than 14 eyes in the picture.
There are not more than 4 eyes in the picture.
There are not more than 4 pizza slices.
There are not more than 5 pizza slices.
There are not more than 7 pizza slices.
There are not more than 6 pizza slices.
There are not more than 16 wings in the picture.
There are not more than 8 wings in the picture.
There are not more than 18 wings in the picture.
There are not more than 10 wings in the picture.
There are not more than 4 paws in this picture.
There are not more than 6 paws in this picture.
There are not more than 8 paws in this picture.
There is not more than 1 tail in this picture.
There are not more than 4 bristles on the toothbrush.
There are not more than 8 bristles on the toothbrush.
There are not more than 2 bristles on the toothbrush.
There are not more than 3 bristles on the toothbrush.
There are not more than 3 bristles on the toothbrush.
There are not more than 28 wings.
There are not more than 24 wings.
There are not more than 30 wings.
There are not more than 32 wings.
There are not more than 2 clock hands on the tower.
There are not more than 3 clock hands on the tower.
There are not more than 4 clock hands on the tower.
There is not more than 1 clock hand on the tower.
There is not more than 1 tail in the tower.
There are not more than 2 tails in the tower.
There are not more than 3 tails in the tower.
There are no tails in the tower.
There are not more than 2 handles in the picture.
There are not more than 3 handles in the picture.
There are not more than 5 handles in the picture.
There is not more than 1 handle in the picture.
There are not more than 3 faces.
There are not more than 8 faces.
There are not more than 18 legs.
There is not more than 1 heart.
There are not more than 10 arms that can be seen.
There are not more than 8 arms that can be seen.
There are not more than 12 arms that can be seen.
There are not more than 16 arms that can be seen.
There is not more than 1 heart.
There are not more than 24 paws.
There are not more than 20 paws.
There are not more than 8 legs.
There are not more than 24 legs.
There are not more than 28 legs.
There are not more than 20 legs.
There are not more than 8 corners pointing to the left.
There are not more than 10 corners pointing to the left.
There are not more than 12 corners pointing to the left.
There are not more than 6 corners pointing to the left.
There are not more than 6 light bulbs.
There are not more than 8 light bulbs.
There are not more than 10 light bulbs.
There are not more than 4 light bulbs.
There are not more than 6 knobs.
There are not more than 8 knobs.
There are not more than 10 knobs.
There are not more than 4 knobs.
There are not more than 3 bulbs on the front.
There are not more than 4 bulbs on the front.
There are not more than 5 bulbs on the front.
There are not more than 2 bulbs on the front.
There are not more than 4 panes.
There are not more than 8 panes.
There are not more than 10 panes.
There are not more than 6 panes.
There are not more than 8 paws in the picture.
There are not more than 12 paws in the picture.
There are not more than 16 paws in the picture.
There are not more than 4 paws in the picture.
There is not more than 1 seat.
There are not more than 10 slats.
There are not more than 18 slats.
There are not more than 4 slats.
There are not more than 8 legs on the tennis field.
There is not more than 1 head on the tennis field.
There are not more than 6 legs on the tennis field.
There are not more than 4 legs on the tennis field.
There is not more than 1 bulb on the side of the bed.
There are not more than 6 bulbs on the sides of the bed.
There are not more than 8 bulbs on the sides of the bed.
There are not more than 4 bulbs on the sides of the bed.
There are not more than 2 cushion covers.
There are not more than 3 pillow covers.
There are not more than 4 pillow covers.
There is not more than 1 pillow cover.
There are not more than 4 shelf boards.
There are not more than 3 shelf boards.
There are not more than 5 shelf boards.
There are not more than 8 shelf boards.
There are not more than 2 sets of legs in the shot.
There are not more than 3 sets of legs in the shot.
There are not more than 4 sets of legs in the shot.
There are no legs in the shot.
There is not more than 1 carrot top.
There are not more than 2 carrot tops.
There are not more than 3 carrot tops.
There are not more than 11 carrot tops.
There are not more than 2 bus wheels.
There are not more than 3 bus wheels.
There are not more than 4 bus wheels.
There is not more than 1 bus wheel.
There is not more than 1 head.
There are not more than 2 heads.
There are not more than 3 heads.
There are no heads.
There is not more than 1 horse tail.
There are not more than 3 horse tails.
There are no horse tails.
There are not more than 2 horse tails.
There are not more than 16 fluid ounces.
There are not more than 8 fluid ounces.
There is not more than 1 straw in the milkshake.
There are not more than 2 straws in the milkshakes.
There are not more than 4 straws in the milkshakes.
There are not more than 3 straws in the milkshakes.
There are not more than 4 truck tires visible.
There are not more than 3 truck tires visible.
There are not more than 2 truck tires visible.
There is not more than 1 truck tire visible.
There is not more than 1 wheel rim on the ground.
There are not more than 3 wheel rims on the ground.
There are not more than 4 wheel rims on the ground.
There are not more than 2 wheel rims on the ground.
There are not more than 3 Ford emblems that can be seen.
There are not more than 2 Ford emblems that can be seen.
There is not more than 1 Ford emblem that can be seen.
There are not more than 4 Ford emblems that can be seen.
There are not more than 3 sets of eyes in the photo.
There are not more than 2 sets of eyes in the photo.
There is not more than 1 set of eyes in the photo.
There are not more than 4 sets of eyes in the photo.
There is not more than 1 diamond on the individual's hand.
There are not more than 0 gems on the individual's ring.
There are not more than 9 gems on each of the individual's rings.
There are not more than 6 gems on each of the individual's rings.
There are not more than 20 legs in the photo.
There are not more than 24 legs in the photo.
There are not more than 16 legs in the photo.
There are not more than 28 legs in the photo.
There is not more than 1 knot on the woman's black tie.
There are not more than 4 knots on each of the women's black ties.
There are not more than 8 knots on each of the women's black ties.
There are not more than 6 knots on each of the women's black ties.
There are not more than 10 eyes in the picture.
There are not more than 4 eyes in the picture.
There are not more than 2 eyes in the picture.
There are not more than 0 eyes in the picture.
There are not more than 2 eyes in the picture.
There are not more than 4 eyes in the picture.
There are not more than 10 eyes in the picture.
There are not more than 6 eyes in the picture.
There is not more than 1 bulb in the streetlight in the picture.
There are not more than 3 bulbs in the streetlights in the picture.
There are not more than 4 bulbs in the streetlights in the picture.
There are not more than 2 bulbs in the streetlights in the picture.
There are not more than 6 legs.
There are not more than 4 legs.
There is not more than 1 leg.
There are not more than 10 legs.
There are not more than 10 eyes in the picture.
There are not more than 8 eyes in the picture.
There are not more than 0 eyes in the picture.
There are not more than 4 eyes in the picture.
There is not more than 1 hoof on the zebra's leg.
There are not more than 3 hooves on the zebra's legs.
There are not more than 4 hooves on the zebra's legs.
There are not more than 2 hooves on the zebra's legs.
There are not more than 20 sails on the boats.
There are not more than 12 sails on the boats.
There are not more than 8 sails on the boats.
There are not more than 24 sails on the boats.
There are not more than 8 eyes that you see.
There are not more than 10 eyes that you see.
There are not more than 12 eyes that you see.
There are not more than 6 eyes that you see.
There are not more than 8 slices of bread.
There are not more than 6 slices of bread.
There are not more than 0 slices of bread.
There are not more than 4 slices of bread.
There are not more than 16 tusks in the ring.
There are not more than 2 tusks in the ring.
There are not more than 6 tusks in the ring.
There are not more than 8 legs in the ring.
There are not more than 4 stripes on the zebra.
There are not more than 12 stripes on the zebras.
There are not more than 16 stripes on the zebras.
There are not more than 8 stripes on the zebras.
There are not more than 4 wheels on the track.
There are not more than 6 wheels on the track.
There are not more than 8 wheels on the track.
There are not more than 2 wheels on the track.
There is not more than 1 hue painted on the train.
There are not more than 4 hues painted on the train.
There are not more than 6 hues painted on the train.
There are not more than 8 hues painted on the train.
There are not more than 2 rails on the train track.
There are not more than 4 rails on the train tracks.
There are not more than 6 rails on the train tracks.
There are not more than 8 rails on the train tracks.
There are not more than 4 hands on the clocks.
There are not more than 8 hands on the clocks.
There are not more than 12 hands on the clocks.
There are not more than 2 hands on the clock.
There are not more than 4 legs in the photo.
There are not more than 8 legs in the photo.
There are not more than 10 legs in the photo.
There are not more than 6 legs in the photo.
There are not more than 4 wheels that can be seen.
There are not more than 6 wheels that can be seen.
There are not more than 8 wheels that can be seen.
There are not more than 2 wheels that can be seen.
There are not more than 4 eyes that can be seen.
There are not more than 6 eyes that can be seen.
There are not more than 8 eyes that can be seen.
There are not more than 2 eyes that can be seen.
There are not more than 8 light bulbs on the lamp posts.
There is not more than 1 light bulb on the lamp post.
There are not more than 6 light bulbs on the lamp posts.
There are not more than 4 light bulbs on the lamp posts.
There are not more than 4 bristles on the toothbrushes.
There are not more than 6 bristles on the toothbrushes.
There are not more than 8 bristles on the toothbrushes.
There is not more than 1 set of bristles on the toothbrush.
There is not more than 1 set of paws on the animal.
There are not more than 6 sets of paws on the animals.
There are not more than 8 sets of paws on the animals.
There are not more than 4 sets of paws on the animals.
There are no visible dish rims.
There are not more than 4 dish rims visible.
There are not more than 6 dish rims visible.
There is not more than 1 dish rim visible.
There are not more than 4 wheels shown on the buses.